Edits suggested for chapter 3 (#60)
RedHatQuickCourses/rhods-intro: modules/chapter3/pages/section3.adoc

// Customize notebooks by installing third-party packages

RHOAI provides preconfigured notebook images to create workbenches.

> Each of these image is designed to support your data science workflow in specific and popular technological stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these images is designed to support your data science workflow in specific and popular technological stacks.
```

RHOAI ships with a collection of notebooks images, which are optimized and supported by Red{nbsp}Hat and independent software vendors (ISVs).
These images are designed for data scientists, providing them with the necessary tools to start working quickly.

> Moreover, Red{nbsp}Hat provides support for these images for atleast one year, and releases major versions of each image typically every six months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, Red{nbsp}Hat provides support for these images for at least one year, and releases major versions of each image typically every six months.
```
